# Biography
I grew up out west in Oklahoma and moved to Orlando, Florida during middle school. By high school, I was living in Auburndale and began working at McLanes warehousing for two years until I heard about a technical apprenticeship through Disney. After applying and interviewing with the board, I was granted the apprenticeship and began a career at Walt Disney World. While working at Disney I have worked in their resorts, EPCOT’s Lighting crew, several Magic Kingdom attractions, and have ended up at Test Track to assist in their rehabilitation project going on until 2025. In the six years I have worked at Disney, I met my wife, we bought a house and are currently expecting our first baby. In my spare time I enjoy weightlifting, camping and cooking with my wife. I enjoy novel challenges and aim to grow my knowledge and technical skills to further progress in my career. 


## Career Summary and goals
I have been a Computer Ride and Show Technician at Disney’s for the last six years. I have assisted with two ride controls rehab projects in my time at Disney, one at the American Adventure show and currently the one at the Test Track. This has given me professional skills in planning, delegating and assisting the engineers when necessary to provide my knowledge of ride control systems. Technically, I have experience with Programmable Logic Controllers (PLC’s), troubleshooting, and root cause analysis of system problems. I also have extensive experience with hydraulic and pneumatic systems from my time working on animatronic figures at the Carousel of Progress, and the ride Jungle Cruise. 
In my time at Disney I have progressed through many roles, starting first as an electrician’s apprentice where I helped fix area lighting, kitchen equipment, HVAC system, and power distribution systems. After completing and earning my certificate of completion from the union trade school I moved into my current role after successfully meeting the necessary testing. Currently, I am working full time while being a full-time student pursuing my degree in Electrical Engineering with a concentration in Control Systems. My background and technical training have made me passionate about different systems designs and how all modern systems, from mechanical to pneumatic, are controlled by the electronics that we all use every day. My curiosity propels me further into learning and it is my goal to achieve a career that will utilize my electrical engineering degree, my background and will present me with novel challenges. 

## Projects
Here are a few things I've been working on:
1. [Animation Upgrade](project1.md)
